Add OMC5 articles (#2396)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/OMC/OMC5.md

> # osu! Fan Cafe Mapping Contest #5 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
tags:
  - OMC5
  - 'OMC #5'
---

# osu! Fan Cafe Mapping Contest #5 
```

> ![{ABBR} Logo](https://i.imgur.com/2a7gVVl.jpg)

Author: do you have any idea how to upload the image on the wiki....

> ![{ABBR} Logo](https://i.imgur.com/2a7gVVl.jpg)

Reviewer: you should be able to upload it here https://github.com/osuenon/osu-wiki/upload/patch-4/wiki/Contests/OMC/5/img

I got to this page by visiting your repository, selecting "patch-4" from the branches list, then clicking "Upload files" and navigating to the right folder

> ![{ABBR} Logo](https://i.imgur.com/2a7gVVl.jpg)

Author: Thank you for your advice!

The **OMC5** (***osu! Fan Cafe Mapping Contest #5***) is a mapping contest hosted in Korea and only Koreans are permitted to participate. It is the 5th installment of the OMC.

## Contest Schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |

> | Registration Phase | 2019-08-12 ~ 2019-08-18 24:00 UTC +9 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Registration Phase | 2019-08-12/2019-08-18 |
```
and do the same for the next two lines

| Submitting Phase | 2019-08-19 ~ 2019-09-19 24:00 UTC +9 |
| Judging Phase | 2019-09-20 ~ 2019-09-27 24:00 UTC +9 |

> | Results Announce | 2019-09-20 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Results Announcement | 2019-09-20 |
```

Schedules may be delayed.

> ## Songs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Songs

```

>  Contestants are offered 2 songs to choose from. These maps are free from copyright issues as we have legally bought the rights to use the songs. No other songs may be mapped other than the 2 offered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Contestants are offered two songs to choose from. Only these two songs may be mapped for the contest.
```
the note about legal stuff doesn't belong here

> |     |

Reviewer: this should be a list instead
```md
1. (to be announced)
2. Cranky - R176
```

| --: |
| 1. (to be announced) |
| 2. Cranky - R176 |

## Ruleset

> ### Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rules

```

> - This contest is for only osu!Standard mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This contest is for the osu!standard mode only.
```

> - Only Koreans are permitted to participate. If your profile flag is not showing you're in korea because of some reasons like foreign residence, you can participate if you're able to verify that you're a korean somehow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only Koreans are permitted to participate. If your profile flag is not showing that you're in Korea because of some reasons like foreign residence, you can still participate as long as you're able to verify that you are Korean.
```

> - Contestants should only submit one difficulty. More submitting won't be considered as your entry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contestants must only submit one difficulty. Additional difficulties won't be considered as your entry. 
```

- The difficulty shouldn't be easier than Insane, otherwise the difficulty won't be considered as an entry. 

> - Storyboard and Video may not be considered for judging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Storyboard and Video will not be considered for judging.
```

> - Contestants may follow [Ranking Criteria](Ranking_Criteria/en.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contestants must follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
```
... not sure is that's what you meant? if they don't have to follow RC, you should instead write
```suggestion
- Contestants are not required to follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
```

Author: it meant contestants must follow the ranking criteria to map. thank you!

> - You can be disqualified from contest if...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You may be disqualified from the contest if:
```

>     - ...You uploaded your entry before results announced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You uploaded your entry before results were announced.
```

>     - ...You collaborated your entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You collaborated with another mapper on your entry.
```

>     - ...You bribed Judge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You bribed one of the judges.
```

>     - ...You made an issue even if it's not related to this contest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Your behaviour caused an issue (even if it wasn't related to this contest).
```

>     - ...Your act doesn't make sense and it's a bad influence to this contest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
this is already covered in the rule before it

> ### Division System

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Division System

```

> - There are 2 divisions, a 'Pro' division and a 'Rookie' division.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are two divisions, a 'Pro' division and a 'Rookie' division.
```

- Contestants with a ranked mapset or a ranked GD of Insane or higher difficulty will be classified as a 'Pro' division contestant.
- Contestants without a ranked mapset or a ranked GD of Insane or higher difficulty will be classified as a 'Rookie' division contestant.

> - Points 2 and 3 above will be based off of the start of the mapping date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The two rules above will be based off of the start of the Submitting Phase.
```

- Contestants may only compete within their respective divisions.
- Contestants may only submit one beatmap, regardless of difficulty. Following the contest, the winner will map additional difficulties to complete a full mapset. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Prizes

> In every contest, people conquering a place on the podium are eligible to receive unique prizes created specifically for OMC winners. It is possible that these items change with every installment of the OMC.

Reviewer: can probably delete this. I know it's in the Tournament template, but it's pretty useless/obvious information (I'll see about removing it from the template too)

Author: > can probably delete this. I know it's in the Tournament template, but it's pretty useless/obvious information (I'll see about removing it from the template too)

do you mean that above sentence? if so, i'll delete it yes :)

Reviewer: yes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/GCrown.png "1st place") | 30,000 KRW + Profile Badge for each division(Pro and Rookie) winner |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/GCrown.png "1st place") | 30,000 KRW + Profile Badge for each division (Pro and Rookie) winner |
```

| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/SCrown.png "2nd place") | 20,000 KRW for each 2nd place contestant |
| ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/BCrown.png "3rd place") | 10,000 KRW for each 3rd place contestant |

## Organisation

> The OMC5 is run by korean community members by distributing the multitude of tasks into various fields of responsibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OMC5 is run by members of the Korean mapping community.
```

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Management | **[Enon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2043401)**, [Beomsan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3626063), [GimBab](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3141964), [My Angel RangE](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6336713), [Sonnyc](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11771) |
| Judge | [404 AimNotFound](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2688581), [Beomsan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3626063), [eINess](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3789302), [HabiHolic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1974436), [jieusieu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/759439), [Len](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1686145), [Sonnyc](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11771) |
| Designer | [Enon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2043401) |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/937258)

> ---------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
